com/blackrussia/launcher/model/News.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.model.News
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettingsColorFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$1$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$1$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$2$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$2$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$3
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$3$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$3$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$4
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$4$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$4$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$5
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$5$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$5$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$6
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$6$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$6$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$7
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$7$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$7$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$8
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$8$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsColorFragment$8$2
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettingsWeaponsFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsWeaponsFragment
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsWeaponsFragment$1
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$10
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$11
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$2
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$3
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$4
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$5
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$6
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$7
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$8
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsCommonFragment$9
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettings.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettings
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettings$1
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettings$2
com/blackrussia/launcher/activity/SplashActivity.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.SplashActivity
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.SplashActivity$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.SplashActivity$2
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.SplashActivity$3
com/wardrumstudios/utils/WarBilling.java
 com.wardrumstudios.utils.WarBilling
com/wardrumstudios/utils/WarHttp.java
 com.wardrumstudios.utils.WarHttp
com/blackrussia/game/core/ISaveableFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.ISaveableFragment
com/blackrussia/game/gui/Menu.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.Menu
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.Menu$1
com/nvidia/devtech/NvAPKFileHelper.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvAPKFileHelper
com/blackrussia/launcher/other/Utils.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.other.Utils
com/blackrussia/launcher/fragment/SettingsFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment$2
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment$3
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment$4
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment$5
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment$6
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.SettingsFragment$7
com/blackrussia/game/BuildConfig.java
 com.blackrussia.game.BuildConfig
com/blackrussia/game/gui/util/Utils.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.Utils
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.Utils$1
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.Utils$2
com/blackrussia/game/gui/dialogs/Dialog.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.dialogs.Dialog
com/blackrussia/game/gui/util/$$Lambda$MaskedEditText$uX_YztYUHcbq6dV_J1fDsTb0DjM.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.$$Lambda$MaskedEditText$uX_YztYUHcbq6dV_J1fDsTb0DjM
com/blackrussia/game/gui/adapters/DialogMenuAdapter.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.adapters.DialogMenuAdapter
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.adapters.DialogMenuAdapter$DialogMenuHolder
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.adapters.DialogMenuAdapter$OnUserClickListener
com/blackrussia/game/core/NotificationDialogFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.NotificationDialogFragment
 com.blackrussia.game.core.NotificationDialogFragment$1
com/nvidia/devtech/CustomEditText.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.CustomEditText
com/blackrussia/game/GTASA.java
 com.blackrussia.game.GTASA
com/wardrumstudios/utils/WarBase.java
 com.wardrumstudios.utils.WarBase
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettingsOld.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsOld
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsOld$1
com/wardrumstudios/utils/WarMedia.java
 com.wardrumstudios.utils.WarMedia
com/blackrussia/launcher/model/Servers.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.model.Servers
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettingsHUDFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsHUDFragment
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsHUDFragment$1
com/blackrussia/launcher/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.MainActivity
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.MainActivity$6
com/blackrussia/game/gui/HudManager.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.HudManager
com/blackrussia/game/gui/util/MaskedEditText.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.MaskedEditText
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.MaskedEditText$1
com/blackrussia/game/core/Utils.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.Utils
com/blackrussia/game/gui/models/DataDialogMenu.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.models.DataDialogMenu
com/blackrussia/game/core/GTASA.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.GTASA
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettingsAdapter.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsAdapter
com/blackrussia/launcher/fragment/MonitoringFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.MonitoringFragment
com/blackrussia/game/gui/util/CustomRecyclerView.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.CustomRecyclerView
com/nvidia/devtech/NvAPKFile.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvAPKFile
com/blackrussia/game/gui/dialogs/DialogAdapter.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.dialogs.DialogAdapter
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.dialogs.DialogAdapter$OnClickListener
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.dialogs.DialogAdapter$OnDoubleClickListener
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.dialogs.DialogAdapter$ViewHolder
com/blackrussia/launcher/adapter/SliderStoriesAdapter.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.SliderStoriesAdapter
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.SliderStoriesAdapter$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.SliderStoriesAdapter$1$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.SliderStoriesAdapter$Holder
com/blackrussia/launcher/fragment/ForumFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.ForumFragment
com/blackrussia/game/core/DialogClientSettingsFPSFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsFPSFragment
 com.blackrussia.game.core.DialogClientSettingsFPSFragment$1
com/blackrussia/launcher/activity/StoryActivity.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.StoryActivity
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.StoryActivity$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.StoryActivity$2
com/wardrumstudios/utils/WarGamepad.java
 com.wardrumstudios.utils.WarGamepad
com/nvidia/devtech/InputManager.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.InputManager
 com.nvidia.devtech.InputManager$1
 com.nvidia.devtech.InputManager$2
 com.nvidia.devtech.InputManager$3
 com.nvidia.devtech.InputManager$4
 com.nvidia.devtech.InputManager$5
 com.nvidia.devtech.InputManager$InputListener
com/blackrussia/launcher/adapter/NewsAdapter.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.NewsAdapter
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.NewsAdapter$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.NewsAdapter$1$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.NewsAdapter$NewsViewHolder
com/blackrussia/game/gui/util/SeekArc.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.SeekArc
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.SeekArc$OnSeekArcChangeListener
com/blackrussia/game/gui/util/Range.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.Range
com/blackrussia/game/gui/Notification.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.Notification
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.Notification$1
com/blackrussia/game/gui/util/RawText.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.util.RawText
com/blackrussia/launcher/activity/LoaderActivity.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.LoaderActivity
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.LoaderActivity$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.activity.LoaderActivity$Un7z
com/blackrussia/launcher/fragment/DonateFragment.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.DonateFragment
 com.blackrussia.launcher.fragment.DonateFragment$1
com/blackrussia/launcher/other/Interface.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.other.Interface
com/blackrussia/game/core/Config.java
 com.blackrussia.game.core.Config
com/nvidia/devtech/AudioHelper.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.AudioHelper
com/blackrussia/launcher/other/UnZipCallback.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.other.UnZipCallback
com/blackrussia/launcher/other/Lists.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.other.Lists
com/nvidia/devtech/HeightProvider.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.HeightProvider
 com.nvidia.devtech.HeightProvider$1
 com.nvidia.devtech.HeightProvider$HeightListener
com/blackrussia/launcher/adapter/ServersAdapter.java
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.ServersAdapter
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.ServersAdapter$1
 com.blackrussia.launcher.adapter.ServersAdapter$ServersViewHolder
com/nvidia/devtech/NvUtil.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvUtil
com/blackrussia/game/gui/ChooseServer.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.ChooseServer
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.ChooseServer$1
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.ChooseServer$2
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.ChooseServer$3
com/blackrussia/game/gui/Speedometer.java
 com.blackrussia.game.gui.Speedometer
com/nvidia/devtech/NvEventQueueActivity.java
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$1
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$2
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$3
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$4
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$4$1
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$4$1$1
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$5
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$6
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$7
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$RawData
 com.nvidia.devtech.NvEventQueueActivity$RawTexture
